I met him in school. He joined a couple of years into high school after immigrating from the Netherlands. We sat beside each other in math and I would bump into him sometimes in the corridors. I often pitied him, as he barely had any friends and didn't know much English. He was shorter than me, chubby and very innocent-looking with a pair of nerdy glasses on his nose bridge. We were 14. 

After finishing our GCSE's, I never met him again until 4 years later in 2019. He'd re-introduced himself through social media and this happened just a few months after I had a bad breakup. I didn't recognise him when he did, for he changed quite a lot. He suddenly became tall, his features refined, and his once chubby cheeks covered in facial hair. Things just happened so fast. One minute we were texting and the next, he had jumped over a park gate to come and see me. I was craving donuts, and he said we'll go find some that night. And that's where it all began. 

He was my first real love. The first person I experienced everything with. He promised me the world and everything in it and God, I'd never felt so happy before. Prior to him, I suffered a lot with my mental health. He was able to bring me out of it, he made me feel whole, and alive again. I suddenly knew what it felt like to be loved and appreciated. I finally got the attention I craved from a someone I believed to be my first real lover. We texted night and day. We couldn't sleep unless we were on the phone to each other. He was obsessed with me, as I was with him. The fact that we knew each other from school made it that much more romantic. 

After 20 months of dating, we tied the knot. I married my high school sweetheart. I remember him peaking at me through the gap in the door of his living room as I said my vows, promising to love him for eternity. I was so shy, and so was he. I remember our first kiss as a married couple. Our first night of love. We were so glad to finally have each other, wholly, completely, openly. Due to our culture, we had to hide our relationship, but marriage changed that. We were finally able to love each other publicly and unashamedly. One thing I'll never forget, is the excitement I used to get when I heard the keys to our front door jingle before he would enter our apartment. He would open his arms wide each time for me and I would enter them, happy to finally have our souls connect again after a long day of work. I'd pay so much money to go back to one of those nights. Just one. 

Because 2 years into our married life, he divorced me over the phone. He told me he couldn't handle the pressure of marriage anymore. He came home from work and we sat there in silence, neither of us knowing what to say. I returned home to my parents. Some days went by and instead of things cooling down, they became more heated. His family mistreated me. He mistreated me from anger. And I mistreated him. When we eventually came back to our senses a few weeks later, it was too late. Finances, friends and family ended us. 

My high school sweetheart turned into my biggest nightmare. As time went on, my ex husband became more hostile. He refused to initiate official divorce papers. He began pursuing multiple relationships with multiple women whilst refusing to cut me loose. I cried every night for 2 years, being haunted profusely by our memories. Does he not remember? Does he not regret it?

Now, 2 years later since we separated, my official divorce documents have come through. And whilst at first I was triumphant to be finally let off the hook...I was simultaneously utterly devastated. I had to watch my ex husband smirk and laugh during the signing of our divorce papers whilst I had to leave the room multiple times to break down. It made me question...had his love ever been sincere? Did he ever love me to begin with...or was he just in love with the idea of me? He's beautiful now. He's not the same chubby kid with glasses I met all those years ago anymore. He is on the path to success too. 

He is doing well for himself and yet....here I am. Stuck in the past. Still healing. Still seeing his face in all of my dreams. Still crying myself to sleep. I wake up with a pain in my heart, and I go to sleep with it too. Sometimes I wish that pain will turn into a full on heart attack, just so I can be at peace. Because if it still hurts after 2 years, despite all the abuse I received from him/his family...then will I ever truly be able to move on? Will these memories ever fade?

I fear I'll never love anyone the same again, nor anyone will compare to him. He was my everything and with the little I had, I tried to give him everything. I hate to admit it, but I (still) love him so much. I hate that I still hope there will be an us in the future, that I'll still be able to see him and make sure he is OK. I want him to come back. I want him to tell me that he regrets letting me go, that he regrets agreeing to sign those divorce papers. I truly hate myself, and constantly blame myself.  And whilst life feels impossible without him, I have to keep reminding myself. 


Everything happens for a reason.